= Project Support Hours

Project Support Hours is a plugin to implement per-project buckets of hours that are used for support.

== Features

* Projects can be configured to have:
  * Support hours
  * Project start date
  * Project end date
  * Activities to exclude from the support hours
* Project overview will display:
  * Support hours used
  * Support hours left
  * Support hours available
  * Project start date
  * Project end date

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/support-hours/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10//redmine_project_support_hours]


== Installation and Setup

This plugin requires a specific plugin hook for Redmine.  If you are running Redmine 0.8.x or Redmine trunk prior to r2866, please follow the patching instructions that follow.

=== Patching Instructions

The patch is provided in <tt>patches/projects-show-sidebar.patch</tt>.  Make sure you are in the *Redmine* root when running the following command:

<tt>
$ patch -p1 < vendor/plugins/redmine_project_support_hours/patches/projects-show-sidebar.patch
</tt>

Make sure there is no conflicts or other errors before continuing.  You can also apply the patch by hand as it is only one line of code that is changed.

=== Installation

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
2. Run the plugin migrations <tt>rake db:migrate_plugins</tt>
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
4. Login as an Administrator and configure the Custom Fields for the plugin in: Administration > Plugins > Configure

== Usage

When you setup a project, fill in the fields you've configured for the plugins (e.g. hours, start date, end date).  Then on the Project Overview page, this data will appear as well as some calculations of the time used and time remaining.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com
